
Team RealTime-- Yuanchu Liu, Jeffrey Weng, Allard Peng 
APCS2 pd 3
HW #46: ...and Ever Upward
2017-05-30

THE LATEST UPDATES ON ORDERS OF BUSINESS: 

1. Jeffrey: Just finished merging priority queue for wizard functionality AND for troop training. 

2. Leo: Writing the AI. This is pretty complicated, looking at strategies from online to get a better sense of things. 

3. Allard: Just added Wizard attack, which uses a priority queue. This isn't refined to the framerate/speed of game. 


UPDATES ON THE RESULTS OF DISCUSSED IMPLEMENTATIONS (from previous plan):

  FINISHED- The means of targeting is no longer done by a Priority Queue. A linear search through the ArrayList of enemy units (a search for
  the unit with the shortest distance) shall be used instead. This is more efficient than putting all units in a PQ and then
  returning the first one. 

  FINISHED- It has been determined that the Wizard will use a lightning strike. The closest 4 enemy units will be struck. This will be done
  using a PQ. 

  PENDING- The field will be viewed not from the side, as in an elevation, nor from top-down, as in a bird's eye view. Rather, it'll be
  viewed from a 45 degree angle with the plane of the field.

  FINISHED- The measure for determining proximity will be through the distance formula, sqrt(x^2 + y^2), with x and y being the x and y
  coords on the cartesian plane of Processing's interface. 


NEW DISCUSSED IMPLEMENTATIONS/UPDATES: 

  1. Writing the AI (so far this was only done by Leo)
  2. Removal of mana as an in-game requirement for training certain troops. This decision was made so AI would be easier to code as mana does add a whole new facet to the game in terms of resource management.  
  3. A focus on robustifying code through review. Eventually cut the unnecessary things and cut down general runtime. Tie up loose ends. 
  4. Possible add of "modes of battle" that is, whether units are in a state of "ATTACK" "HOLD CASTLE" or "RETREAT INTO CASTLE". These 3 modes dictate how your troops react. For the purpose of testing, right now the mode would be on a constant "ATTACK"
  5. Adding the remaining unit classes as discussed in the proposal 
  6. Reviewing gameplay, making sure that troops have "balanced" attack powers, speeds, life, etc. This ensures that the game is actually a playable: possible to win, possible to lose, and no one unit is considered a "tank". 
  7. Add the conditions of WIN/LOSE as discussed in proposal. 
  8. Add the actual castles, mines, battlefield colors/features

AND... If possible, find yet another way to put in a different data structure. 



